book-dapp/README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
   parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
   },
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

wagmi with basic mint page

book-dapp/README.md, after:

This is a [wagmi](https://wagmi.sh) + [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) + [@wagmi/cli](https://wagmi.sh/cli) project bootstrapped with [`create-wagmi`](https://github.com/wagmi-dev/wagmi/tree/main/packages/create-wagmi)

This template demonstrates usage of the [`@wagmi/cli` Etherscan Plugin](https://wagmi.sh/cli/plugins/etherscan).

# Getting Started

Run `npm run dev` in your terminal, and then open [localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) in your browser.

This command will also generate React Hooks from the Wagmi Mint Example Etherscan contract (e.g. `useWagmiMintExampleTotalSupply`, `useWagmiMintExampleBalanceOf`, etc) for you to use in your project.

Once the webpage has loaded, changes made to files inside the `src/` directory (e.g. `src/App.tsx`) will automatically update the webpage.

# Learn more

To learn more about [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) or [wagmi](https://wagmi.sh), check out the following resources:

- [wagmi Documentation](https://wagmi.sh) – learn about wagmi Hooks and API.
- [wagmi Examples](https://wagmi.sh/examples/connect-wallet) – a suite of simple examples using wagmi.
- [@wagmi/cli Documentation](https://wagmi.sh/cli) – learn more about the wagmi CLI.
- [Vite Documentation](https://vitejs.dev/) – learn about Vite features and API.
